chore(docs): DatadogECSFargate Examples (#399)
DataDog/datadog-cdk-constructs: examples/ecs/typescript-stack/README.md

# Datadog CDK TypeScript Example

Use this example TypeScript stack to try out the [datadog-cdk-constructs](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-cdk-constructs) v2 library.

## Getting Started

1. Get a Datadog API key to send monitoring data ([Datadog API keys documentation](https://docs.datadoghq.com/account_management/api-app-keys/#add-an-api-key-or-client-token)).

> 1. Run `export DD_API_KEY=<DATADOG_API_KEY>` to set the Datadog API key in your shell session.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Set the Datadog API key in your shell session: `export DD_API_KEY=<DATADOG_API_KEY>`
```

> 1. Run `yarn` install dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Install dependencies: `yarn`
```

> 1. Run `cdk synth` to synthesize the CloudFormation template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Synthesize the CloudFormation template: `cdk synth`
```

> 1. Run `cdk diff` to see the resource and permission changes that are made.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Review the proposed resource and permission changes: `cdk diff`
```

> 1. Run `cdk deploy` to deploy the stack to AWS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Deploy the stack to AWS: `cdk deploy`
```

> 1. Execute your Task Definitions and look for them in [Datadog](https://app.datadoghq.com/) (metrics, traces, logs, orchestrator explorer, etc.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Execute your task definitions and verify data in [Datadog](https://app.datadoghq.com/) (metrics, traces, logs, orchestrator explorer, etc.)
```

## Testing

> 1. Run `yarn build` to create the Typescript package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Run `yarn build` to create the TypeScript package.
```

> 1. Run `VERSION=2.x.x` to store variable for convenience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Set the version as an environment variable for convenience: `VERSION=2.x.x`
```

> 1. Run `cp dist/js/datadog-cdk-constructs-v2@$VERSION.jsii.tgz examples/ecs/typescript-stack/datadog-cdk-constructs-v2-$VERSION.jsii.tgz` to copy your local module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Copy the local module: `cp dist/js/datadog-cdk-constructs-v2@$VERSION.jsii.tgz examples/ecs/typescript-stack/datadog-cdk-constructs-v2-$VERSION.jsii.tgz`
```

> 1. Run `cd examples/ecs/typescript-stack` to navigate to the stack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to the example stack: `cd examples/ecs/typescript-stack`
```

> 1. Run `yarn add file:./datadog-cdk-constructs-v2-$VERSION.jsii.tgz` to install your local module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Install your local module: `yarn add file:./datadog-cdk-constructs-v2-$VERSION.jsii.tgz`
```

> 1. Run `yarn install` to install dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Install project dependencies: `yarn install`
```

> 1. Run `cdk synth` to view your updated yaml task definition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. View your updated YAML task definition: `cdk synth`
```

> 1. Run `cdk deploy` to deploy your updated resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Deploy the updated resources: `cdk deploy`
```
